Yau Kai Zhi (DEDM) started transcription

Ferrino Sillas, Carlos   0:03
There.

Tan Ching Hau  (DEDM)   0:07
So the laser start continue. So today I will present to you on the our our strategy, safety and also the intelligent automations. So probably I'll have a.
I will go and then for the next phase AML. So in today discussion and then we will probably cover a little bit of the recap of the AML that we already make at the moment and also in sharing to you some of our official plan on the AML.
level.
So I believe that most of you have already going through the this slide sharing out for the global automations committee. So these are what some of the evolutions of our ML design and then so we start from the early following.
AMR or AGV more precisely and then to the QR codes AMR or what we call the QGV and then after that we start to adopt the most and left two in the in our AMR and the final version as what you can see here in the 2005 at the end of.
So does not play.
So and then one of the things that we planning to develop for the future and then of course during the global automations committee meeting and then we have aware that our RID cost or the.
The only cost may not be so competitive as per what our affiliates may purchase directly from the vendor. So and then and also be aware that the Mr. may need to go through the more thorough.
Safety and compliant test and also the certain intelligent integrations and to make the entire AM R mix and also the automations much scalable and also the long term reliable.
So, so I will divide the our future plan and then into the three main strategy for some of it we are actually ongoing. So the first part of it is the we want to enhance our product range and then currently we have the lifter type AMR and also the.
The small mini AMR and then we try to collaborate with the certain partner and then also AMR maker in China and then to enrich our our offering and beside that and then by leveraging on their supply chain able to lower.
So the unique cost of the AM. So the second part of it is more toward the compliant and safety and the third part of it is more focusing on the integrations and then whereby we try to develop the fleet management software and then and also the integrations with the warehouse.
Automations and manufacturing execution system and the warehouse management system together and a part of it. And then we also will collaborate with some startup company in develops the advanced visions and robotic integrations.
So this is our first strategy on the product supply chains and optimizations. So as I mentioned that currently we have developed the the AM, the 800 kilogram AM R and also the small Mr. and then we thought that.
By a very low volumes of purchase and then we may not be able to reach the the cost advantage. So that's why we actually are in after we went back to the Malaysia, we actually starts to buy some of the.
AMR maker in China and then we are start to discuss and initiate the discussions with them on how are we going to bring down the cost.
So yeah and we are almost certainly and then we find the partner that able to provide this hardware manufacturing service and at the same time because the maker also producing their own Mr. So in certain range example the.
Only AMR or the pelleted AMR and then probably have a collaborations with them.
So yeah, so this is for requirement purposes and this is our the AMR that we currently develops and then the 800 kilogram lifting AMR and also the 300 KG the Jiao AMR.
So and then after the partnerships, the collaborations with the the China for optimizing the prices and then we we are trying to utilizing the the and then put into the plastic casing and also the metal crafting.
So and then uh but uh of course uh after signing the agreements and then we will have having a certain uh exchange in the in the court and also certain hardware design uh documents so that uh.
We are utilizing the assisting and also assisting sensor and probably sensor actuator and then so that I'll be able to bring down the cost and.
And beside that and then to enrich the offering and then for the especially for aircon maker and everything that the pallet jet left hand side and also the.
AMR probably also necessary I think so because this type of AMR may be a retrofit to assisting process that handle the pants.
So and then part of it and then we also thinking about the the safety and then even though we are trying to innovate the AM, but we still put the safety as a part of the the most important part in our considerations.
So and after checking with CERN's compliance body like TV and then we have identified and then several tests that may require and then including the ISO 3691 and then which emphasize on the.
Autonomous mobile applications.
LD also.
And I think 61,000 which are emphasized on the electromagnetic compatibility which are more toward the power supplies and also the certain electrical parts of the Mr. and then the feasibility is more toward the emissions.
And also the fire redundancy and the reliability.
So this is our second strategy and then we actually have a work together with the our in house product R&D team and then and to for this certifications program and then because I we believe that when this product ships.
To the states and then it may require certain compliance like you have or whatever so and then we try to and get and get more information so that will soonen the the shipping process in the future.
And then the third strategy is more toward the integrations and then by the Mr. alone of course from point A to point B and then but we think that there is.
To achieve the intelligence and then we require certain level integrations. So that's why I'll be planning to develop the our quick management system and then what this thing different from the conventional quick management system also by vendor example the HIK the HIK quick management system.
RCS they probably only only can work with within their ecosystem and then but our one we're trying to integrate.
OK. And most and also the our own AMR and then into the picture. And then beside that and then we also start to develop a framework for the warehouse automation system or what we call the warehouse of factory automation system where you interact with the facility.
Like go and leak and then and also other automations like ASRS or the smart storage system and a part of it also we try to integrate this.
Fit management and then together with the manufacturing execution system and also the warehouse management system and then because certain order order questions we may require to retrieve it and then brought this MBS or WMS.
OK.
So uh, this is uh one of the uh demo on the quick management system.
Uh basically and then uh we'll demo all the uh uh live order at the moment because there's no integration with the MBS and WMS. So that's why uh we uh will conduct this demo and then using the manual other creations.
And then on your right hand side you can see the is not the Reds color and then will be the the locations, the locations and then the blue color is the vertex over the coded edge which is the path of the Mr. wave I can configure the speeds and also the directions.
And then for the rock planning and then the green color here and then it's representing the.
Uh, yeah, probably I have a quick play.
So this is a a live data that we collect from our test. Yeah, a bit small, but just for demo.
Yeah.
And then next will be the map editing.
OK, so demo how how to put in lots and then and also the your right hand side and there is the property panel that whereby you can skill and fighting and this how I'll be through create the path for the.
And then we actually support a polynomial and then path and then it's not only straight, but we're actually able to.
OK.
